Is the protein Papilin secreted? 
Yes,  papilin is a secreted protein
Using expression analysis, we identify three genes that are transcriptionally regulated by HLH-2: the protocadherin cdh-3, and two genes encoding secreted extracellular matrix proteins, mig-6/papilin and him-4/hemicentin.  
We found that mig-6 encodes long (MIG-6L) and short (MIG-6S) isoforms of the extracellular matrix protein papilin, each required for distinct aspects of DTC migration. Both MIG-6 isoforms have a predicted N-terminal papilin cassette 
For almost all of the identified HSCR genes incomplete penetrance of the HSCR phenotype has been reported, probably due to modifier loci. Therefore, HSCR has become a model for a complex oligo-/polygenic disorder in which the relationship between different genes creating a non-mendelian inheritance pattern still remains to be elucidated 
apilins are homologous, secreted extracellular matrix proteins which share a common order of protein domains.  
The TSR superfamily is a diverse family of extracellular matrix and transmembrane proteins, many of which have functions related to regulating matrix organization, cell-cell interactions and cell guidance. This review samples some of the contemporary literature regarding TSR superfamily members (e.g. F-spondin, UNC-5, ADAMTS, papilin, and TRAP) where specific functions are assigned to the TSR domains. 
Papilin is an extracellular matrix glycoprotein  
 Collagen IV, laminin, glutactin, papilin, and other extracellular matrix proteins were made primarily by hemocytes and were secreted into the medium.  
A sulfated glycoprotein was isolated from the culture media of Drosophila Kc cells and named papilin. 
A sulfated glycoprotein was isolated from the culture media of Drosophila Kc cells and named papilin. 
The majority of the identified genes are related to Mendelian syndromic forms of Hirschsprung's disease 
In the etiology of Hirschsprung disease various genes play a role; these are: RET, EDNRB, GDNF, EDN3 and SOX10, NTN3, ECE1, Mutations in these genes may result in dominant, recessive or multifactorial patterns of inheritance 
